The lord is read and helpless
Even if you cut me into pieces
Shura should have been pushed to death
Finally recently Bori
Not worth mentioning
I'm sure the Marquis will forgive me
Enough to know mistakes can be changed
Be kind
Shura
You can continue to be your underground emperor
But if I catch your genus again
Do evil for the concubine
I will give you the name and name of King Shura
Must go
Is to learn to walk
Your sin is not so great
After the school is rectified
I will personally send someone to implement supervision
But
Let me catch you again with a similar incident
Your Huo family will never have a foothold in Yuncheng
Thank you for giving me a second chance
Lord, what will you order in the future?
I, Huo Jingliang, will resign
Work for me
You are not good enough
But I happen to have one thing
I need you, a local snake, to do it.
Take Haolin Phoenix
You help me throw a dinner party
I want to make up for my wife and daughter
So many years of hardship
Junhao, don't worry.
I will report the entire Tiangong Hotel
Give it to you according to the highest specifications.
A perfect wedding anniversary paper with your wife